fix: removed step 28 and fixed issue #44836 (#44856)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/14-responsive-web-design-22/learn-the-css-box-model-by-building-a-rothko-painting/step-043.md

---
id: 60a3e3396c7b40068ad69995
title: Step 43
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-43
---

# --description--

Rotate each rectangle to give them more of an imperfect, hand-painted look.

> Use the following to rotate `.one` counter clockwise by 0.6 degrees: `transform: rotate(-0.6deg);`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `transform` property on the `.one` selector to `rotate` it counter clockwise by 0.6 degrees.
```
